docs/cards-transformations.md, before:

## Card transformation helpers

The module `shared/cards.js` groups helpers to manipulate note-component pairs (cards) used by app5.

| Function | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `generateComponents(notes)` | Generate component labels starting from `a` and reuse labels for repeated notes. |
| `ensureDuplicateComponents(notes, components)` | Align component labels so equal notes share the same label. |
| `transposeNotes(notes, len, delta)` | Transpose notes by `delta` steps modulo `len`. |
| `rotateLeft(notes, shifts, comps)` | Rotate card arrays to the left. |
| `rotateRight(notes, shifts, comps)` | Rotate card arrays to the right. |
| `shiftOct(octShifts, index, delta)` | Change the octave shift for one card. |
| `moveCards(state, indices, target)` | Permute cards by moving a group to `target`. Returns their new indices. |
| `duplicateCards(state, indices)` | Duplicate cards appending them at the end. Returns indices of the new cards. |
| `omitCards(state, indices)` | Remove the specified cards from the arrays. |
| `addCard(state, note, comp, shift?, index?)` | Insert a new card at the given index (or at the end). |

Commit message:

feat(app5): paràmetre 'after' per a inserció flexible de targetes i documentació millorada
- Afegit paràmetre opcional  a  per permetre inserir targetes abans o després de l'índex de destinació.
- Documentat el nou flag  a la guia de transformacions de targetes.
- Fitxer agent del repositori actualitzat per referenciar aquesta documentació.
- Fitxer agent d'app5 ampliat amb indicacions sobre on trobar la documentació de manipulació de targetes.
- Ampliats els tests per cobrir la inserció de targetes després d’un índex objectiu.

docs/cards-transformations.md, after:

## Card transformation helpers

The module `shared/cards.js` groups helpers to manipulate note-component pairs (cards) used by app5.

| Function | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `generateComponents(notes)` | Generate component labels starting from `a` and reuse labels for repeated notes. |
| `ensureDuplicateComponents(notes, components)` | Align component labels so equal notes share the same label. |
| `transposeNotes(notes, len, delta)` | Transpose notes by `delta` steps modulo `len`. |
| `rotateLeft(notes, shifts, comps)` | Rotate card arrays to the left. |
| `rotateRight(notes, shifts, comps)` | Rotate card arrays to the right. |
| `shiftOct(octShifts, index, delta)` | Change the octave shift for one card. |
| `moveCards(state, indices, target, after?)` | Permute cards by moving a group before or after `target` depending on the optional `after` flag. Returns their new indices. |
| `duplicateCards(state, indices)` | Duplicate cards appending them at the end. Returns indices of the new cards. |
| `omitCards(state, indices)` | Remove the specified cards from the arrays. |
| `addCard(state, note, comp, shift?, index?)` | Insert a new card at the given index (or at the end). |
